hello as you are probably aware the
Olympics are taking place at this very
moment which means all the places I go
to in London are closed for a couple of
weeks but on the plus side the opening
ceremony was fantastic
seriously they had like a 40-foot high
Voldemort hassling a load of sick kids
and then an army of Mary Poppins flew in
and took him out I am NOT making this up
seriously watch it on whatever digital
contrivance you can find it anyway more
to the point and there's no Olympic TAT
people have asked me for it but there
isn't any for the simple reason that the
Olympics and its registered trademarks
are so closely guarded but nobody dares
produce anything but on the plus side
leggo have an official license to
produce Team GB minifigures based on
people who might be doing sports at the
Olympics yes I don't think these are
going to get burnt not only would it be
massively unpatriotic but yet can't burn
Lego it's the law anyway what's inside
answer probably a Lego figure but which
one is it we'll hang on there's a tennis
racket or could be a squash racquet who
knows a little stand they come with says
Team GB and has a picture of the lion
head thing why isn't lion the symbol of
England and Scotland and that set
doesn't make any sense to me he's never
had any lions living here but anyway
let's build this little bloke shall we
oh hang on he's got a gold medal look
he's a lucky man do they all come with
gold medals yes they do
that seems a little presumptuous and
frankly unlikely not everybody's going
to win a gold ollie wouldn't it be great
though if Lego could predict the future
answer they can't they make toys here we
go it's generic tennis man-ray or is
that squash racket is squash even in the
Olympics I genuinely don't know
here he is anyway he looks very pleased
himself that's a little bit aggressive
actually not particularly fond of him
but hey he's Lego let's put him over
there unfortunately I don't happen to
have a complete set of these things
strangely enough
because there's like nine of them and
disappointingly actually why are there
nine and not eight this is annoying
because Lego do real ice collectors
boxes for displaying their minifigures
that you can collect and they only do
them in four eight and sixteen not nine
so we'd have like one left over anyway
you know I said it didn't have the
complete set
I was completely lying here they are
right who have we got then we've got
equestrian lady
yes she's not in focus can we focus
please
thank you um yeah her mum was very rich
and bought her a horse when she was
little and now she gets to ride about
and do something called dressage which I
do not understand in the slightest
next up its mr. relay with his inanimate
carbon rod which will doubtless win a
gold medal of his own should they have
the whole team here oh well we've only
got one get rid of you
next oh dear is it like a cross between
Boris Johnson and shorts nigger the
weightlifter he's banged himself in the
eye with it
good for him everybody has to have a
hobby um hmm seems a vexed the autofocus
that's a bit of a worry never mind I'm
sure it will be more interested in
focusing on um I'm sure it there we are
every more interested in focusing on the
swimmer there he is with his nice hat
and his speedos and his goggles and I'm
holding a little naked man let's get on
with the box there could be Taekwondo I
suppose oh no when I've shoes with my
condo would he and do Taekwondo do they
have box because I don't know he's
clearly a boxer forget about it is that
gum shield he's got he's looking quite
cocky as well is he actually there was a
kind of cocky aggressive streak going
through all of these so far I'm sure I
approve what are you saying about our
athletes leg oh damn your eyes oh look
it's Hawkeye indeed an archer with a
sort of Superman curl thing going on
squinting and they've even given him the
one glove attention to detail and
marvellous who's next and tennis blow
precede him ah this one's interesting
she's got a prop let's see if we can
construct it she stands on it
it's a gymnast of some type parallel
bars are similar not entirely sure in
fact maybe she's just a lady who sells
snacks who's really got into the unifor
one thing I don't know big colorful line
on her there yes keep the focus that's
important really wish I'd gone to manual
for this now but there we are
who's the last one it is kudos there
isn't karate in the Olympics I have no
understanding of why and it's a judo
lady I suppose and she's looking really
again quite sort of cocky and aggressive
what is all that about
anyway marvelous that's the full set of
the leg of things and being LEGO
Minifigures they have to go with the big
collection as opposed to the Shelf of
interesting items